[docs] Gh #5196 describe current limitations (#5428)
DevExpress/testcafe: docs/articles/documentation/reference/test-api/selector/withexacttext.md

## Notes

> `withExactText` selects the element that contains the specified text and its ancestors (if they do not contain any other text). See an example for [withText](withtext.md#notes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`withExactText` selects the element that contains the specified text and its ancestors (if they do not contain any other text). For an example, see the following section: [withText](withtext.md#notes).
```

> If you want to target elements, containing special HTML characters, refer to [this section](../../../guides/basic-guides/select-page-elements.md#select-elements-containing-special-characters).

Reviewer 2: > `If you want to target elements, containing special HTML characters, refer to [this section](../../../guides/basic-guides/select-page-elements.md#select-elements-containing-special-characters).`

This is why our correctors don't welcome `-ing`s. Elements that contain? You want while containing? It's ambiguous in English, it works only in Russian.

We said 'that contains' in the previous sentence, so here we can say 'with special HTML characters'.

Author: edited

> If you want to target elements with HTML symbols or HTML entities (like `&nbsp;`, newline chars), refer to the [Select Elements That Contain Special Characters](../../../guides/basic-guides/select-page-elements.md#select-elements-that-contain-special-characters) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to target elements with HTML symbols or HTML entities (e.g., `&nbsp;`, newline chars), refer to the following section: [Select Elements That Contain Special Characters](../../../guides/basic-guides/select-page-elements.md#select-elements-that-contain-special-characters).
```
